Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to start building the test from fields.
But remember in the last lecture, what we simply did was to use a row.
And the reason for this rule is we want to have the displayed image over here and the categories and
the subcategories over here.
Right.
So for the now, what we can do is within the row widgets, we can just have a test widget which is
going to say category here and let's are going to view that this controller and has to save now and
you're going to sit right over here.
Okay.
And now we can build the test from field.
And to do this, we need to come out from this row widget.
Right.
And as you can see, we are using the column widget in order to display all our widgets vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
Right.
So we need to come out from this row.
You had your true newcomer and now we can now resize box, size box to give you a little picture sized.
Sized box and we are going to be giving this separation vertically.
So there's going to be heights of maybe 30 or 40.
So, okay.
And you can just have a child and the child is going to be a divider.
I think you've seen this before.
Divider.
And we can give a color of color the sign.
And also we could specify the thickness of the of the divider.
We can say 1.4.
Okay.
And I think we need to get rid of this use controller and that's the save.
And you can see the Via OC.
We could just say maybe like what is okay and how did your train cover?
Okay.
And now we are going to start building the test from fields.
And after the sandbox, we can have the newcomer and test.
Test.
Over year test.
Just from.
Failed.
And as you know, the test form field has a property known as decoration and this is going to be improved
imputes decoration.
And we can give a little test to this, which is going to be for the price.
Price.
And we can also give an inch test, which is more like the place order in test, which is also going
to be priced.
And what we can also do.
We can give a border to this to make it round, then offline.
Hotline in Pewds border.
Okay.
How to turn a camera and use control and save.
And you're going to say it right over here.
Okay.
You can see it's right over there.
And also, we could wrap this with a pod in use controller.
And wrap with pattern and we can just go with eight.
Okay.
Great.
And what we can also do, we can reduce the size of this test foam field.
To do that, we're going to drop this test from field with a container or a size box.
Okay.
A light and it's control dots and wrap with size box.
And now we can give a width.
That is how wide it's going to be.
And to make this responsive, we can get the width of our screen by saying media query, dot contest,
dot size and dot weeds.
And we can just say we need a times.
Times.
0.38.
38%.
Okay.
This control NASA save.
You can see it over there and within the column widget, we can then say Cross us alignment and this
is going to be cross axis alignment that starts.
And go check it out.
You're going to say it back over here.
Okay.
And we can make this a bit rounded.
As you know, we have the border radius and we can then say border radius.
Though it's circular of maybe 15.
Is contrary a necessary doctrinal comma.
And go check it out.
Seems good.
I think worse is to have the color.
Okay, I'm just going to check this out.
And now what we can do is we can duplicate this.
Duplicate this.
It ends where?
Yeah.
Okay.
Had your train cover.
And here's this.
And this is going to be for the quantity.
Core T and just going to copy this hopefully.
Okay, I'm just going to spell this quantity city and this control and save and this is going to be
45% to make it to be a bit bigger.
So a bit wider.
Okay.
Great.
And.
Also we can.
How they trying to come over here and pace this and this is going to be for the products.
Okay.
Instead of this for the --, we can just say maybe hard quantity.
Hard quantity.
Okay.
Sounds good.
We are going to see it when we click on it.
You can see that quantity.
And for this, this is going to be the product.
The product name, the lipid test and for the test is going to say maybe enter a product name.
Is comprehensive.
And for this, what we can just do is we can get rid of this and make the telephone field take the available
space.
Okay.
And we're going to get rid of this.
And of course, we have to wrap everything up with a single child square view.
So over the column we can alight and use contraband dots, wrappers, widgets.
And we're going to wrap this with a single child curfew, and that's to make that page scrollable.
Okay.
You concur.
And now to save.
Okay.
Then click on this.
It's going to adjust.
And what we can do is we can increase the test field size to do that.
To do that, the test home field has a property known as mass length, which which has to do with how
many tests we need.
So automatically it's going to increase the the test home field based on the test.
So we can just say maybe 100.
Okay.
So this is going to give us space for 100 text.
You can see it all via mass.
Mass 0.10.
Great.
And what we can also do.
You can then say my last line and maybe Siri.
Siri.
Okay.
Okay, great.
You can see it become bigger.
And what about if I say to you.
See, I don't think product name should have so much space.
I think this is okay.
And finally, we need another one for the description of the product.
Right.
Okay.
So I'm going to copy this.
It ends over a year.
How did you recover?
And then we can pace this.
Right.
And we're going to change this to say product.
Okay.
There's going to be product.
Product description.
And.
This is going to say enter.
Entire product description.
Okay.
And for this, we're going to make it five.
The mudslides is going to be five to make this test field a bit bigger.
Okay.
Seems good.
Sounds good, right?
This is good.
You can basically see all the stores and remember we are using the pods and to give space within each
hedge.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.